after being delighted in the
preparation of the velvety top today
harvey gaping and preparing
together with you a delicious mozzarella
vegan it is a kind of
one hundred percent cheese but vegetable
therefore naturally cholesterol free
and dilatory that you can safely
replace the classic mozzarella di
cow milk
the consistency as well as
the appearance of the perfume is approaching
very much to the original version
animal, however, clearly the preparation
of vegan mozzarella is much more
simple and much faster
Let's find out together to prepare a
vegan mozzarella 50 g of are needed
cornstarch or potato starch 70 g
of natural soy yogurt a pinch
of salt 4 tablespoons of seed oil of
corn and 60 milliliters of soy milk
not sweetened plus two tablespoons then vi
I will explain better
then I thought about doing some sort of
caprese then to accompany the
I suggest you vegan mortadella
a few leaves of fresh basil
some tomatoes about 50 grams a little
of pepper and a pinch of salt and oil
extra virgin olive oil as required vi
remember that among the ingredients I have
said 60 milliliters of soy milk more
2 tablespoons because plus two tablespoons
because we will use them to prepare a
kind of vegetable cream then in a
becker we put two tablespoons of milk of
so soy and 4 tablespoons of seed oil
of corn so we practically do one
sort of vegan mayonnaise and mustard absence
without monet clearly and if we create
in all with our mixer
see we made a vegan cream
rather fluid, however, is fine with me
because some vegan recipes suggest
the for the vegan mozzarella clearly
suggest the addition of margarine
only that I don't particularly like
then use margarine
I prefer cream and I prefer it
clearly the cream you can too
buy the revolt vegan cream from
bring now how to make mozzarella in
a small saucepan we put the rest
then soy milk and cornstarch then
we begin to mix with ours
but fort we mix well
initially we will meet gods
grumetti but it is normal then the denato of
corn starch and not particularly
problems with our compound ok very well
so now let's add our yogurt to
soy that I did just yesterday therefore
natural soybean out is fine here
in a sweet here I have tried
even once to prepare the
vegan mozzarella with yogurt alla
vanilla and also with soy milk
to the vanilla I will say that it is not really
so wicked as to taste others maybe
I recommend you try this either
evasion is the version with the suitcase
vanilla now a little salt
and our cream produced car
ok always stirring
let's go on the fire let's light a flame
moderate and never tire of
mix I recommend it because then
something strange will happen
I anticipate you a little will start to form
of the municipalities but I recommend not
get tired, keep stirring all the time
in the meantime you will also have to
change me just this by using
fort then you will see that it will begin to
form a dense mass and it will change
precisely tool to mix on cd
it will be a simple spoon indeed you see
that the cockerels are already forming
after a few moments and it's one thing
normal because if they have to form these
names because then mixing so much yes
melt
don't worry so keep going
always stirring continuously
up to form a ball
here you see that it is lowering the
our compound can now be lowered
also the flame always continue to
mix it this way until
you see that it is breaking from the walls
now we always continue to cook for
another 30 seconds to make sure that
also the cornstarch is cooked perfectly
now we have taken it out of the fire we are
a little bit still working in none
meanwhile also equipped with gloves
because then I will also go to help me with
hands I prepared one here
small bowl in an hour even a
allied with a little bit of corn oil
now we can also take ours
mozzarella with mittens so there
we forget even begin to give the
round shape of a mozzarella
and we put it in here and there
we press a little wait a couple of
minutes then we buy it with the film
transparent we leave completely
cool for about an hour or two
first room temperature then in
refrigerator after a couple of ears of
let's go to the cutting of the refrigerator
mozzarella because I show you the
consistency is very similar you see a
that of a mozzarella mozzarella
classic maybe the mozzarella one for
pizza nears particularly see
also to the cut I here I am then
also prepared some fresh basil
it was also a little bit the tomatoes for
do as I said before a caprese
so now we always pay in slices
our mozzarella then we assemble the
everything and let's serve the look
extremely inviting
here is perhaps the only factor that a
a little bit penalizes our mozzarella
vegan and its inability to spin
of the preparation is
completely different from those in
genus is used for preparation
of mozzarella of animal origin
well but it doesn't matter that
this mozzarella eaten so cold
therefore in accompaniment with gods
cherry tomatoes with basil
or why not also on the track for
me it was a real find that
sincerely recommend